## Gratefulness・Love・Mission
I live in Japan. I was born and raised here.
Japan is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.
It has plenty of clean, flowing water because about 70% of the land is covered with mountains.
This geography makes the rivers flow fast and powerfully.

## GOAL
```
A world without war, poverty, violence, and discrimination.
A world where everyone lives fully and authentically as themselves.
BUSHIDO × Unlocking Human Potential (Capital) × Co-creating with ASI (Artificial Super Intelligence)
```
- I’m going to become a Bushi who fully integrates Hagakure Bushido into my life—more than anyone else in the world.

## TODO
- Use Obsidian in the Cursor editor
- Read the book Datsu-Ningen Ron (“Dehumanization Theory”)

## Feeling
- love, passion, and purpose.

## Diary
- 

## Commitment
- **Programming**
_**0h<br>
(week: -h, month: -h)**_

- Hobby(ESL・Reading・Workout)
  - ESL 1h<br>(estimated total hour: 2541.5h)
    - (2760hour for Japanese「CEFR(europe common language policy):B1」)
    - GOAL: 6000h(~30yold(C2: Global CEO Level 2h/day))
    - Book 0h
    - Immersion English 1h
  - Reading 1h<br>(estimated total read: 234books)
    - Read the book Datsu-Ningen Ron (“Dehumanization Theory”)(Soshu Shigyou)
  - Workout 0h<br>**2025: SQ: 150kg, BP: 100kg, DF: 160kg**


# 2025 GOAL
1: maked my Portfolio.(Py,Dj,TS,React(Next.js),Docker,AWS ECS,Fargate,Terraform)<br>
2: Getting Job that use TS,React,AWS(or GCP) toC PJT(Edtech or HRtech or Fintech) and commit for Unlocking Human Potential✅<br>
3: By end of Aug. Learned Programming 2000h. End of 2025 3000h. <br>

# Programming Commitment
_(~2024 estimated total hour: 500+100=600h(school & self taught))_ \
_**2024**_<br>
_Apr. (I started my career.)_<br>
Oct. 130.5h<br>
Nov. 97h<br>
Dec. 46h<br> \
_**2025**_<br>
Jan. 71.5h<br>
Feb. 123.5h <br>
Mar. 34h <br>
Apr. 20h <br>
May. 73.5h <br>
Jun. 49<br>
_(+On the job: 500h)_ <br>

_**~Jun. total hour: 1800.5h**_
